0.13: Write 'Type-safe labels for `RenderGraph`' section (#901)
bevyengine/bevy-website: content/news/2024-02-03-bevy-0.13/index.md

## Type-safe labels for the `RenderGraph`

<div class="release-feature-authors">authors: @DasLixou</div>

> Bevy uses Rust's type system at many points like for `SystemSets` which gives it a modern feel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bevy uses Rust's type system extensively when defining labels, letting developers lean on tooling to catch typos and ease refactors.
```

But this didn't apply to Bevy's render graph. In the render graph, hard-coded—and potentially overlapping—strings were used to define nodes and sub-graphs.

```rust
// Before 0.13
impl MyRenderNode {
    pub const NAME: &'static str = "my_render_node"
}
```

> We are now introducing a more robust way to name rendernodes and -graphs with the help of Rust's type system and Bevy's label system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Bevy 0.13, we're using a more robust way to name render nodes and render graphs with the help of Rust's type system and Bevy's label system.
```

// After 0.13
#[derive(Debug, Hash, PartialEq, Eq, Clone, RenderLabel)]
pub struct MyRenderLabel;
```

With those, the long paths for const-values also get shortened and cleaner which results into this

```rust
// Before 0.13
render_app
    .add_render_graph_node::<ViewNodeRunner<MyRenderNode>>(
        core_3d::graph::NAME,
        MyRenderNode::NAME,
    )
    .add_render_graph_edges(
        core_3d::graph::NAME,
        &[
            core_3d::graph::node::TONEMAPPING,
            MyRenderNode::NAME,
            core_3d::graph::node::END_MAIN_PASS_POST_PROCESSING,
        ],
    );

// After 0.13
use bevy::core_pipeline::core_3d::graph::{Labels3d, SubGraph3d};

render_app
    .add_render_graph_node::<ViewNodeRunner<MyRenderNode>>(
        SubGraph3d,
        MyRenderLabel,
    )
    .add_render_graph_edges(
        SubGraph3d,
        (
            Labels3d::Tonemapping,
            MyRenderLabel,
            Labels3d::EndMainPassPostProcessing,
        ),
    );
```

When you need dynamic labels for render nodes, those can still be achieved via e.g. tuple structs:

```rust
#[derive(Debug, Hash, PartialEq, Eq, Clone, RenderLabel)]
pub struct MyDynamicLabel(&'static str);
```

> The nice thing is, that this don't has to be a string, it can be any type, also numbers etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly nice because we don't have to store strings in here: we can use integers, custom enums or any other hashable type.
```
